hey everyone its Greg again from d-link
and today I'm going to be showing you
how to enable motion detection on your
mydlink camera now in this example we're
going to be using the dcs-942l however
if you have a different camera the setup
steps should be pretty much the same now
to begin you first need to login to your
camera if you're not sure how to do this
please check out our other videos now to
begin the first thing you need to do is
click on the setup tab on the top and
then on the left hand side you can click
on the motion to action link or with the
dcs-942l there's also a motion detection
setup wizard so in this example I'm
going to show you how to use the setup
wizard so the first step in the setup
wizard is actually specifying your
motion detection zones or what areas you
want to scan from motion detection now
right above the live image you're going
to have two different options you have
enable video motion or enable PIR now
depending on the camera you have you may
not have the PIR option however most
cameras will have the video motion the
difference between the two is that with
video motion the camera is able to
determine motion based on frame changes
there's actual someone moving between
frames whereas with the PIR the camera
is able to determine motion based on
thermal change hail or temperature
change so in this example we're going to
use the video motion so I'm just going
to put a check in that box and then rape
a load here again you have your live
feed you can just draw a box around
whatever areas that you want to scan
from motion okay you can do as many as
you like and then just to the right here
you have sensitivity okay by default
it's set to 90% and what the sensitivity
is is it's the sensitivity level of how
the camera determines motion so for at
the higher the sensitivity the more
sensitive it is to any type of movement
so I'm just going to leave it at that
however you may need to change this
depending on your environment and what
kind of motion you're trying to capture
so I'm just going to come down and click
on next and the next step here is to
enable snapshot notifications
okay and what snapshots notifications is
it's notifications that are sent either
to an email or FTP server that are just
still images or snapshots so you can set
this up to you know always send it out
anytime motion occurs or if you'd like
to do it on a schedule you can specify
the time and date and you have a couple
other options on you know you can
specify how many snapshots are sent when
motion is detected you can have to do
single or you can do six of them and
then again you have your FTP or email
this is where you're going to be sending
them out to if you are going to be doing
this if whether it be email or FTP you
will need to know your email settings or
your FTP settings in order to do so
however in this example I'm just going
to leave it disabled the next one is for
specifying video clip notifications so
pretty much the exact same thing as
these snapshot notifications but with
video clips instead so you're able to
send video to your email or upload it to
an FTP server when motion is detected
again we're going to leave this disabled
all right clicking next if your camera
does offer a microSD slot you're able to
have your recordings go directly to the
microSD card that would be installed in
the camera
okay the dcs-942l of them do so you'd
have to just check with your particular
camera to see if it does support it
again we're going to leave this disabled
for this example alright and that's
pretty much it so setup is complete you
just want to click on apply to apply the
settings this should only take a few
seconds once it's done you will get a 10
second countdown just for it to complete
the configuration and then you should be
brought back right back to the setup tab
now to know if you're you know if your
video has motion detection activated
what you can do is click on the live
video tab and anytime there's motion
detected right up in the top corner of
the live video feed here you'll see
there's a little Running Man flashing
that means that motion has been detected
if you did specify any type of recording
the recording icon would also light up
thank you for watching and please check
out support D link that CA for more
helpful videos